Tell me about yourself :
	experience
		manual + Automation (60 to 70)
		confortle with manual testing - writing test cses and designing buglife cycle and defect life cycle, test preparation and test planning
 Tools and technologies:
	Automation technoloies
		selenium
		work on existing framework
	Different framework aproaches
		Data-driven , keyword driven and hybred and good at POM
	Versions of selenium (3.7)and browsers
	Most preferred language is Java
	using selenium webdriver with Java
	very good experience inTDD frameworks like TestNG
	v g e on CI tools and tehnologies like JENKINS and maven
	designing framework and designing of the compnens
	
Roles and responsibilities:
1. QA engineer
2. i am involved into front end automation
3. for front end automation we are using Selenium webdriver grid wth Java binding
4. prety much comfortable with java and prety much comfortable with all OOPS concepts.
5. Comfortable with all the selenium concepts like Action classes , select classes and locators
6. Out of 500 testcase we have automated around 350 to 400 testcases
7. initially lot of manual testng were there and we picked those testcase and converted into automaton.
8. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lx6ZTEUD4_E&ab_channel=NaveenAutomationLabs     9:09 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9vAgJSq2O0&ab_channel=NaveenAutomationLabs

Understanding and Analyzing the Application Under Test in terms of Object Identification.
Creating Test scenarios and Collecting Test Data.
Creating Test Automation Resources (Function Libraries etc…).
Implementing JUnit or TestNG Test Automation framework and developing automation infrastructure.
Creating and enhancing Test Cases (Test Scripts) using Element locators, WebDriver methods, Java programming concepts and TestNG Annotations.
Creating reusable components.
Handling duplicate objects and dynamic objects using index property and Regular expressions.
Collecting Test Data for Data Driven Testing.
Creating Test Cases (Test Scripts) using Selenium Webdriver, Java and TestNG Annotations.
Parameterization, Synchronization and define Test results.
Error Handling, Adding comments.
Creating Data driven Tests and Running through framework.
Debugging and Running Tests
Analyzing Test Results
Defect Reporting and Tracking using any Defect Management Tool.
Test Reporting
Modifying Tests and performing Re & Regression Testing.
Tracking Defects and Select Test cases for Re & Regression Testing.
Modifying Test Automation Resources and Maintenance of Resources.

Selenium Webdriver, Java
POM - Hybrid
Pages
Test
Excel
Reports
Util
Screenshot
Maven
GIT
Jenkins